README.md, before:

# TasteIT

Welcome to TasteIT, a web application where users can browse and contribute food recipes from around the world.

![TasteIT Preview](/src/assets/images/TasteIT.jpg)

## Features

- Browse through a variety of food recipes from different countries
- Contribute your own food recipe and specify the country of origin
- View the country flag at the top of each recipe to easily see its country of origin
- Search for recipes by country, ingredient, and other food details
- View the full details of a recipe, including the recipe description, preparation steps, and ingredients

## Technology

TasteIT was built using the following technologies:

- React
- HTML
- CSS
- JSX
- JavaScript

We also utilized the `restcountries` API to fetch the country flag and use it for the country selection option when creating a new recipe.

You can learn more about the API here: https://restcountries.com/

## Exciting recourse

https://www.youtube.com/c/TheNetNinja/playlists

## Skills Learned

While working on this project, I learned how to create and use my own custom fetch hooks and implement the search functionality using;

- `useParams`
- `useLocation()`
- `queryParams`
- `URLSearchParams`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`

To install all project dependencies

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

### `npm run build`

We hope you enjoy using TasteIT to discover and share delicious food recipes from around the world!

Commit message:

Update Readme for running server

README.md, after:

# TasteIT

Welcome to TasteIT, a web application where users can browse and contribute food recipes from around the world.

![TasteIT Preview](/src/assets/images/TasteIT.jpg)

## Features

- Browse through a variety of food recipes from different countries
- Contribute your own food recipe and specify the country of origin
- View the country flag at the top of each recipe to easily see its country of origin
- Search for recipes by country, ingredient, and other food details
- View the full details of a recipe, including the recipe description, preparation steps, and ingredients

## Technology

TasteIT was built using the following technologies:

- React
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

We also utilized the `restcountries` API to fetch the country flag and use it for the country selection option when creating a new recipe.

You can learn more about the API here: https://restcountries.com/

## Exciting recourse

https://www.youtube.com/c/TheNetNinja/playlists

## Skills Learned

While working on this project, I learned how to create and use my own custom fetch hooks and implement the search functionality using;

- `useParams`
- `useLocation()`
- `queryParams`
- `URLSearchParams`

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`

To install all project dependencies

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run server`

Runs the server using json-server for now
Open [http://localhost:3001/recipes](http://localhost:3001/recipes) to view it in your browser.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

### `npm run build`

We hope you enjoy using TasteIT to discover and share delicious food recipes from around the world!
